Add support for `j`, `jal` and `addi` (#1)
qhyun2/mips-uwaterloo: README.md

# University of Waterloo MIPS Support

> This VSCode extension provides basic MIPS colorization and snippets support for the flavour of MIPS taught in the University of Waterloo's CS courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This VSCode extension provides basic MIPS colorization and snippets support for the flavour of MIPS taught in the University of Waterloo's CS241 and CS230 courses.
```
